# Zero-Waste-Vision
# Problem Statement ID:1575
# Problem Statemnt Title:Developing innovative solution for efficient management of waste and conversion to valuable products, Waste to Energy- waste recycling
# Problem Statement:
Background: Management of solid waste has been one of the key problem in most of the cities around the world. The failure is evident from burgeoning growth of landfill site into mountain of MSW. Waste management accounts for a comparatively very high share of national GHG emissions in several countries worldwide. Emissions of methane following the disposal of waste in landfill account for a large share of GHG emissions from waste management. Description: With increasing pressure of development and urbanization, the need for efficient municipal service delivery is also growing rapidly, which the municipal bodies are very often unable to cope with. This is true in case of solid waste disposal and management as well. The main objectives of solid waste management are to reduce the amount of waste that ends up in landfills, promote recycling, and minimize the negative effects of waste on the environment and human health Expected Solution: Developing Community based solution for collection and recycling of solid waste management for developing into Net Zero waste communities. Digital solution for tracking the waste generation to waste recycling giving the effective tracking mechanism to utilities to collect, account and manage waste. Developing local solution for recycling of waste by Torrefaction of Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) Pellets converting it into valuable product to get bioenergy Innovative solution for waste management to reduce LFG and Collecting and Treating Landfill Gas (LFG) and used as a renewable energy resource
